Master Shen and counted from the hands of the Viper Gang
Cool stuff.
The Ye family didn't raise you for so many years in vain?
What did he want?
He is a low-level person with no money, no power, and no ability
What does he want?
Hey, tell me how you got back
I guess the viper came down to die
You must have slept with him to get the debt back
Then give credit
Remember this meal and your head
You're going too far
Oh, dear.
What is your ability, a viper bag?
But some people
Obviously Fudan's hen
I don't recognize my parents
presumptuous
Who gave you the right to talk to me like that?
You what?
What's the noise?
The crisis of the Ye family has not passed yet
Is this debt?
Can't last a few days
Wanru, why don't you save Young Master Qin?
Let him give them a way to live
No way.
How could our Ye family become the dogs of the Qin family?
If you don't go to the Qin family, who will you go to?
Do you want us to be like your husband?
Do you live by delivering express?
I do have a way to find a job
Not only can you survive the crisis of the industry
You can even make a comeback.
How?